# Continuous Intelligence and Interactive Analytics Final Shiny Application

- Interactive app: [cintel-07-final](https://curt2023.shinyapps.io/cintel-07-final/)
- Repository: [cintel-07-final](https://github.com/curt2023/cintel-07-final)
- Author: [Curtis Rogers](https://github.com/curt2023)

-----

## About Hyde Labs

1. Hyde Labs is a fictitious company that is being used for the purpose of creating a replica of a dashboard that could/would be used in production settings at a pharmaceutical company.
1. None of the information that has been recorded or generated for this dashboard is real. All numbers were generated using an excel auto generate formula.

-----


### Hyde Labs Production Dashboard
    
1. Please feel free to review all pages and tabs in the dashboard.
1.  Here is a brief overview of the layout and the information that can be found in this dashboard.
     - Home Tab: This page contains general information for Hyde Labs and Daily best practice reminders. This has a place for the User to document who is accessing the application, and what department they are associated with. The reminders could be updated as Hyde Labs sees fit.
     - Orders Tab: This tab shows the number of orders that are processed for each month for Hyde Labs. These orders are divided by department and can be traced back to 2015.
     - Material Breakdown: This tab tracks the size of the orders being processed and the time in hours that it took to complete them. Management can filter this tab by order size, material, or the time it took to complete the order.

### Real world uses for the deployment of a similar application

1. Dashboards like this are used daily in production and manufacturing environments.
1. This particular dashboard could be used to the trends in orders. Is there a particular time of the year that sees a dramatic rise in orders? If so, then it may be necessary to higher more production staff for those months in the year.
1. This dashboard could also be used to track the weather the amount of orders has generally increased or decreased over time. With that it is important to note that this dashboard does not currently display any prices or profits generated by any materials produced. So even if the number of orders has fallen that does not necessarily indicate an overall loss of revenue. With that being said, generally speaking, the goal for most companies is to sell more products and this application would be able to track those metrics at this time.
1. Planning could also utilize this dashboard. In order to plan orders and provide realistic estimates for customers and the Hyde Labs management team it is important to know which materials are being ordered and how long it is taking to produce those products. This dashboard can do just that, while providing additional features to see the trends associated with certain materials, and order sizes.

### Have fun and explore

1. Lastly I want to thank you for visiting this application. PLease feel free to explore all tabs and interact with the features in the application.
1. This application was fun and challenging for me to produce. Your feedback is always welcome. 
1. Thank you for visiting!!

-----


## Resources

- [Seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/)
- [Plotly](https://plotly.com/python/)
- [Bokeh](https://docs.bokeh.org/en/latest/index.html)
- [Seaborn Flights Dataset](https://seaborn.pydata.org/tutorial/data_structure.html)

